(relaxing, instrumental music)
We continue our conversation with George Kavassilas
in discussing the highly-prized aspect
of human energy and genetics.
Among the several other topics discussed
in part two of our interview,
is the nature of religious ritual, including Communion,
in which the parishioner consumes
the metaphoric blood and flesh of Christ.
We were talking earlier about
all the different constructs that have
been laid upon our consciousness.
But in the end, the beauty, the love, the innate humanity
within us still comes through the cracks,
it still shines through, even if we've got
a pretty tightly-closed box.
Yeah.
It manages to shine through,
and there is, even more so, this construct
that has been created through this density,
or, you call it, "compression," through this compression,
there's a genetic component to this.
This is, we're being studied by many, many,
regarding the genetics of all of the lifeforms
on this planet.
Let's talk a little bit about that
before we go into some other constructs.
Okay. Well, what we have here is, what we've created,
when I say "we," me and a whole lot of bunch
of other beings and races.
It's been a big project.
And together, we created a generic form
that holds all the codes.
And, like we mentioned earlier, any race from out there
can come and incarnate into this human form.
And so, out there on a cosmic level,
when you look at beings who are into power and control,
how do they go about it?
What is, for them, power and control?
'Cause they do it through manipulation of life.
So, do they do it by gold?
You know, on a superficial level gold is important to people
because it gives them monetary power.
But out there, substances
and technology is, only get you so far.
But what really gets them far is accessing life-force.
The manipulation of life-force.
And they do that through genetics.
So, there are groups out there,
intergalactic cabals, who maraud the cosmos,
looking for the best genetics.
So they can manipulate those genetics and access life-force
that they haven't been able to access before.
And not only types of life-force,
but also volume of life-force.
And so, here we have this human race
that has got access to more life-force
than any other race in the universe.
'Cause we have all the codes.
So we access everything.
And for them, it's like, "Haha, goodie!"
Mm-hmm.
One place that's got it all!
Jackpot.
The pot of gold at the end of the rainbow for them.
And so, our genetics are the most prized possession,
or commodity, for want of a better term,
but in reality it is that way for some races.
They see us as a commodity.
And our genetics are being
tapped into, harvested?
Yes.
Hybridized?
Which, we are a hybrid species, so we can't be freaked out
about the notion of hybridization, 'cause we already are.
And the projects continue, it's a matter of "to what end?"
Yeah.
Which projects, to what end?
Yeah. Well, with the grays too,
there's a lot of gray races I've had to,
I've had some unfortunate interactions
with cross-gray human hybrids.
Which were unpleasant in nature.
So, there's things like that, that are going on,
and even more gruesome things that are going on,
which I don't wish...
Right, no, we don't
need to go into those.
It's probably not
appropriate to go into those.
Are there also, maybe, elevated forms of that?
Are there some that are hybridized products,
or projects, so to speak?
They're attempting to achieve that,
but they soon find out in the long run,
that you actually have to incarnate yourself,
and go through the process organically
to achieve that much greater state of things.
Yes. (laughs)
There's no shortcuts.
That's the beauty of the way this reality
is being constructed, and the way the Creator
has gone about it, that this project is fool-proof.
Even though some people can't see it yet,
we are gonna succeed.
In fact, we already have succeeded,
because the future's already happened.
I know egos have an issue with that,
but the future has already happened.
And we have succeeded, and really there's,
it's fool-proof, it's so full-proof, it's incredible.
And they're studying us because they want
to correct that full-proof process.
They're just always trying to cheat it.
They can't bear the thought of stripping themselves
of everything and incarnating in human form
and going through it themselves.
So they're trying to find a cheat's way of doing it.
And yet, every time a baby's born,
there's this beauty, this light,
this automatic love, and so forth,
it still happens every time with the creation
of each new little body on the planet.
Yeah. And here you have these entities and these beings
that have been marauding the cosmos for, some of them,
for hundreds of millions of years,
and some of them billions of years.
And they've empowered themselves so greatly
through manipulation of others.
And here, you have this little baby that gets born on Earth,
that has more power and accesses more life-force
than any entity ever will.
Absolutely. And if you've been at the presence
of a birth, you know it, you feel it,
you burst into tears at the beauty of that being,
and it's not a sentimental one,
there's a power that comes in.
Well, so beyond genetics, now I wanted
to get to the construct of religion.
Because this is a tricky one, and this goes
into new-age religions as well.
You said something that I found really fascinating.
And it's so obvious, it's staring you in the face.
And I was raised as a Missouri Synod Lutheran. Right?
You know, it's just like Catholicism but without the fun.
Without any wine, you can't confess,
you just have to live with your sins.
(both laugh)
There's a pretty dour, sorry if there
are any reforming Lutherans out there.
And this whole thing creeped me out,
the whole time I was growing up.
First of all, I didn't resonate with any of it.
I thought Jesus, and Jesus sounds
like a very beautiful being and would not tolerate
what's being done and said here,
and I've always felt that way.
But this whole notion of Communion,
and the eating of the flesh and the blood.
Now, how much more ritualistic...
Yeah. Yeah.
And we talk about these secret societies
that do these very things and these practices.
And, you go to a church on Sunday,
and millions of people a week, are doing--
They're doing it every Sunday around the world, it's sick!
And they don't even realize what they're doing. It's...
So let's talk about that a little bit.
How, the religious structures from what you've seen,
again, how they work their way in?
Something as simple as a ritual like this,
that's taking place for us on an unconscious level.
You just say, "Here's the body and here's the blood."
And you're supposed to drink it and munch down the wafer.
Yeah, well see, I did that as a child.
I used to, 'cause I was Christian Greek-Orthodox,
and I went to the church.
And you know, we had little cubes of bread,
and I would eat the bread and then go up
and drink the wine with the priest,
and then all of a sudden, it's like someone
had kicked me and punched me in the stomach.
And I just had this sick feeling go right through me.
I used to think, "This is wrong!"
Like, I'm, something's not right about this.
Thankfully, my parents weren't too strict.
There was a bit of pressure on me
but they weren't fanatical in any way, shape, or form.
Very liberal in a sense, in that way,
in the true meaning of the word.
And allowed me not to have to partake.
So I was really happy about that as a child,
'cause something was not right there.
And just standing in the church,
and just the energy of the church wasn't right either.
I knew that wasn't the house of God.
'Cause this is the house of God,
your body's the house of God.
And God is everyone and everything.
So, how can just one building be called the house of God?
Well, and often those buildings
are very repressive, energetically.
Yeah, yeah.
And so, that's one form.
We're only talking Christianity, by the way.
I mean, obviously we're only talking Christianity--
Well, we grew up in Christendom, yeah.
Yeah, so, we're talking about that--
It applies in every religion.
Exactly. You can take it
to any country, any religion.
Let's talk about the common themes--
Even the shamanic, even the indigenous cultures
have the same thing going on.
Not that they do a flesh-and-blood ritual.
But, all their cultural and spiritual teachings
have been twisted and manipulated too.
Like I said, they have not left a stone unturned.
And every single culture has been infected by this virus.
And talk about the commonality of that virus,
in some of the teachings that seem to show up
and are reflected throughout all of the religions.
Yeah, well the commonality, and this has to do with,
'cause it goes back about 6000, appeared especially.
'Cause it began before that,
before the fall of Atlantis, anyway.
The end of times of Atlantis was all about
these control structures that were coming into play as well.
That sort of energetic patterns were beginning
to be introduced into the Earth-plane.
And started falling and falling away.
But in the last 6000 years, that is where the plan
just went really serious.
And it happened in around Babylon and Sumer,
all those places, where economic collectives
were introduced, and rituals, and spiritual rituals,
and rites were introduced.
The elite were, you know, was really pronounced.
The difference between the ruling priests and the castes
and the general population.
So, the differences were far more pronounced in those times.
So, here you have this agenda.
That's what I said to you before,
people are waiting for the Anti-Christ to turn up,
and they don't realize the Anti-Christ
is running the Vatican and is behind
every religion on the planet.
So, the commonalities that you speak of is,
you have an entity that's claiming
to be the creator of all things.
If you have that model of religious dogma.
And that, we all are subservient to that entity.
So there's that model, and then you have another one
which is more of the Eastern philosophies,
which have to do with entering into the mind.
And it's a more sophisticated version,
but what it ends up doing is luring people
into the fourth dimensional cosmic mind matrix.
They don't realize that that's where they're headed.
So you've got these two incredible energies
at play here, they're very sophisticated.
I would actually say that Eastern mind
is more sophisticated than the Western mind.
I think it is, in fact, a lot of people
in the Eastern one are refugees from the Western one.
Because it offers a seemingly more expansive
thinking and connection.
Yeah. So you connect to the oneness,
and they say connecting to the all,
I mentioned about being part of the all,
but their version of oneness,
their understanding of what the all is.
And so they connect with this cosmic mind,
and they go traveling the cosmos with their awareness,
which is really the astral awareness
and they don't realize it.
It's a more higher astral awareness.
They go right back into the blueprint of life,
and the building blocks and foundation of life,
and they think they're talking to God,
and they're actually not.
What they're talking to is a head of a collective.
Who has manifested a paradigm of reality and awareness.
That's how clever these entities are.
Remember, we're talking about epochs and eons
and eras of evolution in this universe that is so old.
And these beings, these entities, are no dummies.
Patient.
Pardon?
They're patient.
They're very patient. They're very, very patient.
But, now they're not, and they're losing their patience,
and they've lost their patience because the one race
that feeds them more than any other race ever has,
that's given them more power than they've ever had,
is now, this is right at the very end.
And they're here to harvest their human herd.
And they wanna do that.
And what we're to do is to help people
to stand in their own power and their own right,
reclaim their sovereignty, and break free from these,
the clutches and the lures of these paradigms of awareness.
Because they've created minis.
The way I present it, you get a bubble, a bigger bubble.
And then a little bubble and a smaller bubble.
It's kind of a bubble within a bubble within a bubble.
And so, the larger bubble is, you have these,
oh, let me explain it like that, like this.
You get a merkabah, right? Create a merkabah vehicle.
You step into it, you got a light-body, right?
Let's say you expand that merkabah,
then you ask someone else to join you in that merkabah.
And then you got two of the energies, the energies
of two beings feeding that merkabah, it expands, right?
Wonderful. And you all go in there and you bliss out.
Then you get somebody else and you expand it again.
Then you bring someone else in, expand it again.
Then you bring 20 people into that and expand it again.
So, what you're now creating is a synthetic light construct,
'cause you used a mathematical template to create it,
known as the markabah vehicle, okay?
'Cause there's a big difference between
labeling something with a merkabah,
and actually manufacturing something
via the merkabah template.
Very big difference between the two.
'Cause the moment you create and you manufacture
a light-body using a mathematical template,
you are creating a synthetic light construct.
Right. Artificial construct.
Artificial construct, right?
Makes sense, yeah.
Now, these have, and we're doing,
people are doing it now here on the planet, right?
So, you imagine over billions and trillions
of years of evolution in the universe,
what's been able to be created.
So, when I talk about my fourth dimenion, you know,
these paradigms have grown so big,
and they've assimilated thousands
of extraterrestrial races in them.
They have many, many layers of reality,
which can be perceived as dimensional frequencies.
And when you go inside one of these constructs
and you look up, you will see spiritual hierarchies.
Ascended masters, angelic hierarchies,
you have life spanning so many different levels
of frequencies, that you are, you think with your awareness,
you're looking up in a universe.
It's incredible what has been created.
These people are no dummies, these entities.
And they sit at the top and they play God.
And they just feed off the energy of all these races.
Like, I'll give you an example.
ET races are coming here, right, for example.
And they go, "Oh, we're gonna give you
"these new technologies, and we're gonna
"clean up the Earth, and everything's gonna be beautiful.
"You're gonna return back to nature.
"We're gonna save you," so to speak.
Well, I had a meeting, actually, with an ambassador
from one of these paradigms,
which he calls a parallel universe,
that's what I call a parallel universe,
but I know they're just another paradigm,
which is like a, you could call it
like a mutated growth within this universe, okay?
And he said that they've had massive, massive meetings
in the spiritual hierarchies and the council meetings.
So you can imagine like a scene out of Star Wars,
where you've got this massive arena,
thousands of representatives from all different races
within that universal paradigm, okay?
And they're deliberating their plan
on coming to Earth to implement their infrastructures
and their technologies to "help" the human race.
And I said to him, and this is an ambassador, like we were,
'cause I'm part of the galactic council,
so we were functioning on that capacity
and we had this meeting in Sweden.
And I said to him, "Okay, that's really nice that you
"and your people wanna do that.
"But tell me, at that meeting, was the consciousness
"of this planet present at that meeting,
"attending that meeting, and participating in that meeting?
"And was the consciousness of the being
"that is the solar system present at that meeting,
"conscious there, and participating in that meeting?"
And he just sat back in his chair.
He went, "Oh, well I hope so."
Well, I mean, if he's an ambassador and he was
at the meeting, he'd know whether they were there or not.
So the point I'm trying to make here,
is that you've got these ETs that are coming here.
They've got good ideologies, okay?
They might mean well on my level,
but their functionality is on such a shallow level,
that they don't even ask the planet permission
to come and do this to the body.
If you're going to implement infrastructures,
you're gonna implement technologies,
you just gotta, you do one thing, it affects that thing.
Just one thing, it'll affect that thing.
And if anybody does anything to you,
it affects you in one way or another.
So, it's very, very important that what gets left
out of the picture, people can understand,
they've got the whole consciousness of the planet
and the solar system, that they want to go inside of.
So the body of the being that is the solar system,
they're going inside that body.
And they're going to go to a planetary body,
and they wanna implement their infrastructures,
their cultural philosophies, spiritual teachings,
onto the populace and the human race on that planet,
and they didn't even ask permission.
That's the point I'm trying to make.
So, these beings while they, because of what,
we've been plunged into such a limited state of awareness,
when they come along we think it's a wonderful thing.
All this fantastic technology and everything.
But people don't realize that these beings
are coming from a very, very limited paradigm.
One of those paradigms.
And they have their God construct
going on, on these paradigms.
That's why you have ascended masters,
that's why you have angels that are now,
there's a whole plethora of them
presenting themselves on this planet.
And they are luring people into that paradigm
and other paradigms associated to them.
And this is what you're calling
the fifth, and even into the fourth dimensional fields?
It's not fifth dimension.
All these paradigms are still within that fourth dimension.
That fourth dimensional field, okay.
But, you said in your talk, that in the lower levels
of the fifth, for example, is where evil starts showing up.
But let's talk about more of the fourth dimensional--
There's no evil in the fifth at all.
The only thing that can occur there is,
there may be a difference of opinion.
And the moment that does occur,
those beings are on their way down.
So that goes down
into the fourth dimensional field?
Yeah.
Okay, gotcha. So...
And when I say difference of opinion,
it's so minor compared to what we experience here.
Yeah, like minor, minor. Yeah.
Now I wanted, there are a few things
I want to get back to,
to kind of come to where we are right now.
You talked about the world's religions,
and you talked about how each of those
suck us back into this mind matrix,
an artificial construct that's been created.
Through either good intention or not so good,
it's still been created.
And, as opposed to our natural state of being.
Which happens, is manifested in a baby, for example.
The birth of a baby.
But, at the same time, you've said that Jesus
and Buddha, and Krishna, and Horus,
and perhaps Akhenaten, are all the same being,
the embodiment of the sun.
Yes.
So this all the same being who has come through.
These are the very ones that are being worshiped
throughout the world's traditions.
But they did not create the religions.
Exactly, and nor did they ever ask to be,
and I think in each case--
They did not say to worship--
No one ever said anything about worship.
Neither did, no, and neither did Isis,
and neither did Mary Magdalene, neither did
any of the feminine aspects
of the one-in-the-same consciousness.
So, what happens here, you've got the priestly caste.
And that's the point I was trying to make
when we were in the Christendom version,
if I can use that as another example.
You have the ancient priesthood.
And, you know, the reason why Jesus threw those tables
outside the temples was not because of the money-changers,
that was one reason, but the main reason
was is people were buying animals.
And taking these animals into the temples
and sacrificing the animals in a flesh-and-blood ritual.
Well, what I want to say to people,
is you gotta be pretty naive to think
that the modern-day priesthood
is any different from the old one.
It's still going on.
It's the same priesthood.
The same priesthood that crucified Jesus
is the same priesthood that's running the churches today,
all around the world.
And you could argue that,
even on an incarnation level,
that the same players are still playing.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
And I see evidence of that.
The energy's the same.
So the same entity that ran those ancient priesthoods,
is the same entity that's running the Vatican
and other church structures, and religious organizations
on the planet in other cultures.
And I think that's important, that continuity
piece of the picture is really important.
Ah, it's incredibly, 'cause I say to people,
"Look, you're waiting for the Anti-Christ to turn up,
"it's already here, it's running the church."
And it's obvious, just think of it from the bigger plan,
if you were the Anti-Christ, wouldn't you entrench,
into the psyche of the people,
your personality and character of the deity,
so when the real one was to come along,
you would make it look like the Anti-Christ.
Yeah, pretty much.
Duh! You don't have to be--
It's good strategy.
Ah, it's so obvious!
I think it's an obvious game-plan.
So, meanwhile, these beings,
metaphysical, walking manifestations of the sun, as you say,
such as all of these people from the last 6000 years,
that have walked the face of the Earth,
and religions have been created
around who people kill each other in the name of it.
Etcetera, etcetera, including Akhenaten, which I think
is not one that would normally be included in that,
and is often, in conspiracy circles, even vilified,
because he's credited with monotheism,
which was not the point at all--
He did not do that at all.
No, that wasn't the point.
Thank you, would you please put this on the record?
I will categorically state that Ahkenaten
did not create monotheistic religion.
Absolutely did not do that.
Categorically, I will state that.
That is absolute truth, it is absolute fact.
It is just, that they're trying to pin that sort of,
those sort of ideas and concepts onto that man,
because what he did was a wonderful thing.
Well, because he is a pagan sun-worshiper.
And this has become, this is interesting, the whole--
Oh, come on.
Misunderstandings
about the sun--
The Christian religion
is full of pagan rituals.
Of course it is.
What's Easter?
Right, exactly.
Yeah, it's the first Sunday of the first full moon
after the equinox.
What's Christmas?
What's Christmas? The solstice.
So, we know that that's going on
and we accept it in our particular lure,
that we may want to attach to as a religion
for whatever our personal reasons may be.
But, with Ahkenaten, this was one of the more direct links
back to the understanding of the consciousness
of the sun and the solar system
that we're part of and folded in.
And that we express in our own beings.
Yes, exactly, you voiced that perfectly--
And that's the sun.
Yes it is.
So, this is not monotheism.
It's not monotheism.
(both laugh)
It's got, no, it hasn't got anything to do with that.
It's got to do with the understanding
of the construct of life.
When Ahkenaten's there in that picture
and he's got his hands up.
It was this way actually. And he's got his hands,
no, no, it was this way.
Depends which still lay you're gonna look at.
One of them is this way.
And he's got the sun there and the rays coming down.
He's kinda like that, that wasn't worshiping the sun.
That's explaining the construct of life
and light in our solar system.
You and I are on the same page on that one.
I'm really happy you went ahead and said that.
And, yeah, him and Nefertiti came here at the beginning
of the cycle, I may have mentioned that earlier--
Yes, in the beginning.
Yeah, and set everything up.
And that was the Garden of Eden.
Yes.
Life on planet Earth, while they were here
setting things up was the Garden of Eden.
And since then, we have fallen from grace,
(laughs) so to speak.
And I wanna get into this, I'm gonna stay
on this religious theme, because now we go through the time.
And you gave a talk, in the talk that I saw.
You were talking about the relationship
of Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
And you were talking about something
that really kind of surprised people.
And I think maybe that's one
of your more challenging areas
for anyone who has been a Christian.
Yeah.
Or still remains a Christian.
Can you talk about what happened, as the entity
of Jesus, representing the sun,
Mary Magdalene, representing the Earth,
the crucifixion you see in a whole different way.
Yeah. Well, he definitely died a man.
And he definitely did not resurrect.
You know, that's a biggie for a lot
of the Christians to handle, because of the whole ideology
of what transpired then is based on that resurrection.
So, why would He come here and go through a process
to become something that He already is?
It is us who are aspiring to become like Him.
Or, the Christ-consciousness.
So, He's already that.
So, He didn't need to go through the process
to become that, if you know what I'm saying.
So, what He did, he came to the Earth at that time,
and during his life he accessed his light-body.
Not after he died.
And you'd be surprised how many people are going,
"You know what, that's what I've always thought too."
He bi-located all around the planet.
They called him Quetzalcoatl in the Americas.
The rainbow serpent in Australia.
Issa in India.
They had all different names for him all over the world.
There are certain people who have tried,
who wanted to do nothing else,
but wipe all memory of his existence
from the planet at the time,
so they could sell their version
of what transpired, in one book. Like, come on.
Unfortunately, it's already been recorded
in India and other places.
Yeah, yeah. People just gotta think bigger.
They just gotta, yeah, they just gotta, yeah.
Let's talk about that part of it
with Mary Magdalene, and what was,
the relationship between the sun
and the Earth consciousness, and what happened there.
Well it's, yeah, this is really deep and powerful,
because He was the walking incarnation of the sun,
and Mary Magdalene's the walking incarnation
of Mother Earth, and they're twin flames.
The two, the masculine and feminine expression
of the Creator.
And isn't it convenient that they called
Mary Magdalene a prostitute?
So, it's all about putting down the feminine.
I think it's fascinating if you just look
at how they go about it.
It's quite revealing, they expose themselves.
If you just take a look at the way
they're actually going about it.
So, here is a man who, as the sun,
comes to the Earth.
Does what He needs to do to re-calibrate the way
this reality is flowing, is moving forward.
And then goes back to being a man.
So, Arthur holding, you know, giving the sword
back to the Lady of the Lake.
So He hands back over to the divine feminine,
who is the gatekeeper to accessing the sacred waters.
'Cause it's the feminine that does the baptizing,
by the way, and not the masculine.
And, He then went through the process
of dying and being nailed to that cross.
And the crucifix is the sword.
Which is the knowledge, it is the wisdom, it is the truth.
And is Logos.
So, when you speak the blueprint of life,
it cuts through the lies and the illusion.
And that's what the sword represents throughout time.
The sword of Troy, samurai, the way of the sword,
Muhammad said, "Spread Islam by the sword."
Didn't mean go around killing people, of course.
It is spreading the word through wisdom and through Logos.
So, that's what the real Word of God is,
it's the word, it's the sound, it's the blueprint of life.
And so, when He was nailed to that cross,
what it was, was the masculine, the man, the husband,
dying and stepping back from His wife.
And that's what it represents.
To leave her, to be pillaged?
To be marauded by others.
And that's why it heralded the next phase
of the Dark Ages, the real deep, dark descent
that took place after that,
for the next millennium-and-a-half.
And even more, 'cause it wasn't until about 300 years ago
we had the Renaissance and we started ascending again.
So, it really, because the version of His sacrifice
for our sins, and He was beaten and tortured and all that,
it's not enough, for me.
It isn't. Because I've been tortured real bad in this life.
I know what it feels like to be tortured.
And when you're in that place, within yourself,
you go to areas within yourself that you never knew existed.
And you contemplate all sorts of things.
And I contemplated, while I was being tortured,
Jesus Christ being tortured.
It's a bit, it's in the program, I grew up in Christendom.
We're all part of the program.
I mean, we haven't escaped it, yeah.
So, you just go there within yourself.
And I felt, deep in my heart in that moment,
that what we're being told is false.
And then, I have my journey
up through the dimensions of the universe.
So, in that moment, you're one with the Christ anyway.
When you're in that greater aspect of being-ness.
And the full knowings there, and I remember it.
He did not resurrect after He died, He died a man.
Because what He did was, okay,
I'll get back to that in a moment.
So, when He was crucified, He stepped back from his wife
and allowed others to maraud His beloved.
Now, to me, that's a sacrifice.
That's more than sacrifice.
Especially because I'm a married man, I have my beloved.
It doesn't matter what relationship anyone's in,
you'll always have the masculine, the feminine,
playing those roles.
So, when a masculine steps back from the feminine
and allows others to maraud the feminine,
that's what we're talking about.
And that is a sacrifice on incredible level.
Then there's a sacrifice that's even greater than His.
And that's the one of the divine feminine.
That is Mother Earth, herself.
To allow herself to be marauded by others,
to facilitate these experiences we're having.
It's just, it defies one's ability to comprehend--
To allow us to have these experiences--
To allow us to have, to facilitate, and allow us
to have these experiences we're having.
And is that because there almost has to be
a certain amount of darkness and pain
that will be enough to propel us back into remembrance?
Yeah, because the deeper you go into it,
the greater the learning, and the greater the wisdom.
And therefore, the greater the understanding--
And you embody it, from having
gone through the experience.
You are it.
You generally embody that.
You never, you'll never not be it.
You are always it, you will always have it.
Because you'll always be it.
It is so profound--
So this is part of those great cycles.
And we're simply living in that part,
where it had to get the darkest before the dawn.
And the dawn is here now.
The dawn is, yeah.
The dawn is here.
And just, going back, this is something that's popping up--
And there are some people just, sorry I cut you off.
'Cause this dawn thing is, there are some people
out there, that are saying this is new dawn or the new age.
And we're using those labels.
But there's a conspiratorial thing going on around it.
And yes, the "ruling masters,"
if you want to put it that way,
I'll say "the powers that were,"
are manipulating that for their purposes.
We are not associated with that manipulation.
We are actually exposing that manipulation.
By talking about these false entities,
and these false religious gods,
and new age deities, and what have you.
So, we're not associated with that, in that way.
We're using those terminologies in the true sense
of the words, not in the conspiratorial sense of the word.
Because there are speakers out there
that talk about the dawning of the new day,
and things like that.
Which is a big con for humanity.
And we're not associated with that deception of humanity.
We're talking about a genuine dawning
inside the human being, inside the heart.
Correct.
So, I just want to make that clear too,
that's what I'm referring to, as well.
And, if you go through, I just want to go back to,
we were talking about this entity
that experience its life as Jesus,
as Mary Magdalene, the feminine Earth form.
This, another one of the areas
that is being focused on,
is in saying that these entities
are always associated with the same story.
The same birth time, around the same equinoxes
and solstices, and so forth.
And, we're talking about the pairings from Egypt
and back into Sumeria, the names we already know,
into the times that became Christendom.
Is it that those beings, are you saying potentially,
that these beings actually were choosing to incarnate
under these kinds of influences repeatedly
to use the power within them?
Or, is that a construct too?
Because, there's like three or four questions
embedded in that issue, you see what I'm saying.
'Cause a lot of people say, no, there was no Christ,
no, none of these others--
Yeah, they say that--
Were fictional, mythological characters.
'Cause they all have the same story,
so therefore, it didn't exist.
It is just a myth that has been perpetuated.
How do you see that?
Well, I was back there around that time,
and I remember seeing the man being crucified.
And they did shave his head completely.
'Cause it's humility.
There's little bits and pieces that, and I am connected
with the consciousness of the sun and the Earth,
and I'm connected with my greater aspect of self.
So, you get to reconnect with the knowledge,
and reconnect with the way things transpire.
I don't have full memory,
but there are certain bits and pieces that I do remember,
and I know that they are solid, for me. They are solid.
And so, people wanna say
that Jesus never walked this Earth,
because they don't wanna accept the fact
that the sun had an incarnation,
at that time, as that man.
So, for me, it's more of an agenda.
It's propagating the deception of humanity
to say that He wasn't here.
Yeah, and I guess maybe I'm just nitpicking here.
Because I know very specific positions
right now are that,
because each of these, the lure
around each of these characters,
that you say are expressions of the sun,
have the same backstory in terms of the virgin birth,
and their birth into the world at a certain time,
into Christmas-time, Easter, the death, and so forth.
Is it possible that the sun did incarnate
with those specific aspects,
for specific reasons repeatedly,
so that you would get a repeated story?
Yeah, I would say that there are aspects
of the story that have been repeated,
just because they entrenched it into the psyche of humanity
so far along ago, that they wanna
keep repeating that, because it's working.
It's something that works--
So, the repetitious is working
in the artificial construct.
Just, it just popped through my mind.
Let's get into the, what's happening with these entities
that you're talking about, that are now being perpetuated
as the new saviors or the new gods.
New terminology, new names, might give a few
of the names that some of these newly forming religions
are talking about, and what that means.
And how these fourth dimensional entities
are literally interfacing as we're waking up.
And beginning to see beyond previously closed veils.
In dream-time, in walking around time.
We're very susceptible now.
And it's very confusing soup if you're starting to see.
Yeah. Before I answer that, I wanna go back
to the Jesus theme, when He was actually crucified
on the cross and He died a man?
He actually entered the cycle, this is really,
this is hidden knowledge, and I really wanna share it.
This is for people to really understand
what's transpired here.
He entered the cycle of reincarnation like us.
So basically, He had multiple lives between the time he died
on the cross and up until now.
And so, he entered the cycle of reincarnation,
just to be, because the way
the universal Creator behaves,
he doesn't sit there all, and she doesn't sit there
all high and mighty, they don't do that.
And, they get down in with the people
in all levels of their creation.
They're not above and beyond the process.
So, they're down here with us.
If there's a slave, they're having a life as a slave.
If there's a king, they're having a life as a king.
And everything in-between, you know what I'm saying?
So, basically that He needed to come in,
as part of their divine plan, He needed to enter
the domain of the matrix, the arena of the Anti-Christ.
Okay? So to speak.
Which has been overlaid on His wife's body.
And He entered that reincarnational cycle.
Because He was gonna go in and change it
from the inside-out.
And He's incarnate on the planet at the moment.
And people will know, when the veil lifts,
they will just know who that person is.
I've got so many Jesus Christs
that are getting in touch with me
at the moment, it's ridiculous.
Mary Magdalenes, Isises, you name it.
Everyone's claiming it at the moment.
But all I say to all these people is,
if you feel that you are, I say just relax with it.
Because if you really are that being,
then everybody's gonna see you,
as soon as the veil lifts, so just wait.
That's all you gotta do.
We'll know who you are when the time comes.
So, that's what I wanna say.
Because that thing is being perpetuated on this planet,
it's quite an incredible thing at the moment.
Our egos are going crazy with it.
It's very important that everybody
just settles down with that sort of thing.
Now, it's also 'cause the Christ energy
is awakening within the nature of us.
So, as we're connecting with that consciousness,
a lot of people are, their egos are kinda claiming it.
So, that's going on as well.
And on that whole subject
of illusion, so to speak, beyond the veil.
You just said when the veils part.
Right now the veils are thinning and we're starting to see,
but some of the views are distorted,
depending on how clearly you can see or cannot.
And we're interfacing, as a species,
with many things that have really been sealed off
from us, our conscious awareness.
Can you talk about our, this dimension of interface
and what it's bringing.
Yeah, I just wanna finish that other point, I'm sorry--
Oh sure, I thought you were done with it.
I'm not trying to avoid the questions,
I want you to ask the questions again,
but I'm just trying to finish that point.
And so, when you look back at when this man died,
'cause I'm giving you incredible information here
that doesn't get talked about, you know?
So, when this man died, when He died a man,
you know, 'cause if you look at the shock,
it created a shock wave into the human psyche when he died.
It was because God died a man.
It was like people in that day, 'cause I'm telling you
what it was like for all of us that were there at that time.
When you have the Creator of the universe
in its masculine expression walking this Earth,
as, you know, from stepping down from the sun-consciousness.
Walking this Earth, and to know that
that being was capable of anything.
Why He allowed Himself to be killed?
And just, and just die.
That was the shock wave that went entrenched.
That is the, it's trauma, it was trauma
for all the people back then.
And that's why it's been so effective throughout the ages.
There's no way that people can,
anyone who knows anything about the human psyche,
who knows anything about human emotion,
and the way we function as beings,
will tell you that you cannot say that man
is a myth and didn't walk this Earth.
Because you cannot have so many people
connecting with this energy so deeply for so long.
It's impossible. You cannot propagate a lie to that degree.
With that much feeling.
With that much. The depth, it cannot be.
There has to be a twisted manipulation of truth.
They can twist the truth and manipulate the truth.
But the truth has the seed of truth,
has to be there to begin with.
And that's what I want to say here.
The people who say that He never walked,
that it's just a myth, they don't get it.
They don't understand humanity.
They don't understand themselves.
And that's what I wanna say there.
Because, that was when, Him coming here and dying as a man,
and that was such a traumatic experience
to the people that were on the planet back then.
It was just a shock, it was trauma.
And it seems to continue through to this day.
Yeah, and see I'm feeling it now.
I'm feeling my life back then,
I'm feeling what we felt back then.
That's why I'm so passionate when I'm speaking about it,
'cause I'm bringing back those energies again,
do you know what I mean?
And I'm feeling that trauma
that everyone suffered back then.
It was really, it had such, people suffered a lot
after that, it was a shock, you know.
Well, we interviewed a man named Bob Dean.
Who we have up on the site right now,
our last interview with him.
And he spent a great deal of time talking about this,
as someone who was there witnessing this in the day,
and had the same amount of emotion coming through.
And just really wanted us to understand the feelings
of what happened around this being at the time.
And it would make sense that people incarnated at that time
would be here gathering now, of course.
Everybody who was, had anything to do
with any significant time, of period at the time,
throughout those histories is here now.
Is here now, exactly.
We're gonna do an edit here.
I've already asked you that other question twice.
We're gonna stream through in sequence the things you said.
So, it won't be interrupted with my question.
And now, my question pops up.
Okay, so we're beyond the veil.
And now, we're looking through a veil with distortion.
Yeah. Okay, yeah, so we have this point in time
in our journey where the veil's getting thinner
and thinner and thinner and thinner.
So, we're getting glimpses, you know?
We're getting tastes and moments of experiences
of that greater aspect of self, and that greater energy,
in what we call our Christ-consciousness.
Such as, it's like the lotus flower is beginning to open up.
It's that seed that's beginning to sprout.
That's why sometimes we kinda think we got it
and we kinda haven't got it, there's a lot of that going on.
What I want to say to people,
it's getting thinner and thinner.
It's going to get to the point where,
one day the veil's just gonna disappear altogether.
And when that happens, oh wow,
this place is gonna transform so dramatically.
But, in the interim, you have various beings
who are actually trying to get our attention.
Some genuinely trying to help, with varying degrees
of actual understanding and knowledge.
Some high, some low.
You also have beings who are manipulating, still.
Trying to convince us that they might have
a higher status, somehow, in the universe (laughs) and that.
So we have to, people are interfacing with beings.
Yeah, okay, I get where you're coming from now.
So, as our consciousness is awakening, what they wanna do
is, 'cause we're leaving, say, the religious paradigm.
So what they need to do is they need
to create another paradigm.
So, the ones who have left the religious dogma
can now be entrapped in another paradigm.
An example of that would be a being
that people know as Lord Sanada in the new age movement.
Who turned up in my bedroom.
And showered me with all this love and all this light,
looking like Jesus Christ.
And I just said to him, "Get out."
You know? "Leave, go. You're an imposter
and you have no power over me, now go."
And he went. And that for me was just, wow.
It was an incredible experience.
'Cause, on one level I wasn't expecting it,
it surprised the crap out of me, really.
On another level, I was really pleased with myself
that I didn't react but responded in that way.
And a lot of other people wouldn't have done that.
They would have fallen to their knees,
they would have cried, and that being
would've just got its tentacles into them even further.
So, they're taking advantage.
What they want to do is, as our consciousness is rising,
they wanna grab it and they wanna steer it
into their direction.
So they're coming up with, instead of the Jesus Christ
of the church, now they have the Lord Sanada
of the new age movement.
So they have the cosmic version of the Christ.
You know, to fit the paradigms of people's minds
and awarenesses on that level, you know,
little ascended masters, which is the new age angels
basically, in a sense.
So, the words would be discernment.
Discernment.
And how would you characterize
the best way to properly discern
what's going on when somebody comes up
against these various manifestions
when they're looking into another reality?
Well, first of all,
if people are expecting the Christ
to look like what Jesus looked like,
first of all, that's the biggest mistake they're gonna make.
Because, like I said, that consciousness has
come to this planet many times over.
And what that consciousness will look like in this lifetime,
I don't know, we're just not gonna know.
We gotta wait until it gets revealed to everybody.
Then everybody will know.
So, that's the number one mistake everybody's making.
'Cause that's an image that has been imprinted
into the psyche of the people.
And we know he has blond hair and blue eyes.
That's what he looked like in the Lutheran church.
Apparently.
Wavy blond hair
and nice blue eyes. (laughs)
Apparently. Yeah, yeah.
Even though he grew up as a Jew and he had olive skin.
He had olive skin, a real pointy nose,
and his skin was like leather, actually.
Yeah, well not the one that hung in our church.
Not the one that hung in your church, okay.
Anyway, so, we get that.
Don't be looking for something specific on that level.
You will know by the energy.
And the real Christ doesn't behave in that way.
It doesn't want adoration, you know,
you walk through the shopping centers around Christmas-time,
and that song, "O Come Let Us Adore Him."
And things like that, it's disgusting, you just go...
Pardon the expression, but that's not Him.
It just comes down to respect and understanding.
That's all these beings require.
And what about Mary Magdalene, the feminine?
The same, same.
The feminine version of this.
A lot of women, I mean, I've been to conferences
where people have written books claiming
they're Mary Magdalene.
Yeah. They do.
And they mean it. I mean, they're feeling--
They truly believe it.
They're connecting
with that energy that, the divine feminine energy,
which is just now starting to resurrect itself.
So you can understand how this occurs.
I can understand how this occurs.
And it's happening to so many people around the world.
We've been discussing the Christ a lot,
and I do wanna discuss the feminine
because we're on her body.
And this is the forgotten hero in all of this.
She's a forgotten hero.
The role that she's played is more significant
than the role of the male Christ.
The role that she's played is directly impacting us more.
Because we're breathing her atmosphere,
we're drinking her waters, we're eating her food,
we're on her body.
So, it's a more direct relationship.
We're like this with her, yet we've forgotten.
And it's been really clever, this 6000 year program,
which has managed to create this wall,
this partition within our minds to totally separate us
from the conscious awareness of this planet
that we walk upon.
It's ridiculous. It's so good, it's genius.
It is genius and it's working
very well right now.
Oh. People just need to snap out--
I mean badly, but I'm saying the program
is running efficiently and to our detriment.
To our detriment on one level,
to our benefit on a much grander level.
Because we got tested real good.
So now we need to use our discernment.
When we're meditating and when we start hearing things.
And seeing things, it can be, really, anything.
And, again, I'm going to go back to the same question,
what is the discerning factor?
If you're meditating and some thing,
some being appears and tells you something,
what do you consider the discerning factor
in whether or not this something
you should be interfacing with for your own highest good?
Yeah, well the fact that a being turns up,
straight away, is a red flag for me.
It's like a warning, why would they just turn up?
If people are asking for help,
then obviously they're asking for help,
but what they're asking for and who turns up
are probably going to be two different things.
And the fact that they're asking for help
means that they're still in the victim role.
That they don't think they have the capacity
to do it for themselves.
And people need to understand, excuse me,
understand just how powerful we are.
Bring their own light out, not to meditate
and bring someone else's light in to do it for you.
That's externalizing, that's giving your power over
to something outside of you.
And so, people are asking these other entities
to come along and do it for them,
and they're giving their power away and playing the victim.
And they don't realize we have all the light within us.
We have, everything that we require to protect ourselves,
to heal ourselves, is within.
And all the beings of the true light
come along and they encourage you to do that.
They don't want you to become dependent upon them.
It goes against the grain of who and what we are,
and why we're here, and what this whole reality's about.
Whenever you have beings that, for example,
this entity that's known as Saint Jermaine,
And you bring in the violet flame.
And I've had interactions with people that do that.
When I started talking to them that entity came through,
and it was really quite, quite confrontational.
Because I'm exposing what these beings are doing.
And they sell love.
It's all about love, it's all about light.
And because we've been deprived of love.
You know, the plan, this plan
that they've implemented is really clever.
Let's just plunge it, let's send the real dark,
dastardly heavy weights, and let's just plunge humanity
into such a deep, negative charge,
that their existence there becomes so undesirable,
and they actually even build up a resentment
towards their very own existence there.
That, then, we can come along right at the end
and provide the solution to their problem.
That we created in the first place, but don't tell 'em that.
"Problem, reaction, solution,"
as the great man David Icke said before.
And it's not just on a planetary level,
this is cosmic, this plane.
"Problem, reaction, solution."
So, now let's look at the process
we're all going through of recovering
our understanding of self.
Recovering who, our understanding
of what we truly are, within the universes and beyond.
And, it's really critical because
there is time involved here.
We're going into this period of true transformation.
So, let's talk about how you see that flowing.
And also, how you would help somebody else
understand what they need to focus on within themselves,
to go where you need to go.
Yeah. So, for the powers of discernment,
it's gonna flow into this question from the last one.
Deep down inside of us we have a feeling of love
and understanding of what love is.
I mean, deep down inside.
I'm not talking about the love you experience
in the heart center of seven chakra body.
That's not the love I'm referring to.
That's positive, white love and light.
That's, you got negative and you got a positive.
Either side of the scales.
This positive, white love and light sees itself
as though it's above, and better, and beyond
the negative and the dark, and it's not.
It's across from it.
It's, they're alter-egos of one another.
Now, some people wanna venture
into the white love and light, good for them.
I've been there and I've done that, do you know what I mean?
It's very limiting, that way of life.
It's passive, and it's very controlling,
and it's very limiting.
But if you haven't experienced that kind of love before,
you've only experienced negativity for such a long time,
the moment that white love and light,
positive, white love and light comes along,
you're gonna think it's everything.
It's gonna be like a child that lives
in a candy store, for the first time.
You know what I'm saying?
So, a lot of people are falling for that trap.
And that is the energy that all these other entities
are manipulating humanity through.
They are using love against us.
It's very important to know that.
And when you go deeper inside, you go beyond that,
and you get to that state where you take
those two expressions and you blend them into one,
that version of love and light,
beyond that paradigm of negative and positive,
beyond that arena into this state of integrated oneness.
That love, there, is the one I'm talking about.
And we've got it deep, deep, deep inside of us.
That love, there, is the Christ center within us.
And when you can feel that love,
use that love as a point of reference.
So whenever an entity comes along,
if their vibration, their flavor of energy,
doesn't match what you've got
deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep down inside of you,
then, "See you later."
That's my recommendation. That's what I do
and it works for me, and I know it works for many people.
'Cause I get the feedback all over the world from it.
So, let's talk about how a person that feels
they're very disconnected from that deep, deep love
inside them, starts reestablishing that
and bringing that out in themselves.
Yeah. And it's a simple process.
You can just, if you can visualize
just your inner-light coming out.
And you bring it out with intention,
from your "I Am" presence, from your eternal self,
from your, you know, from the higher self.
And bring it out from the core of your being,
from your soul, from your "I Am,"
whatever labels you wanna use.
If you have a block like I did in the beginning,
I visualized myself pulling the light out.
Which is what I was doing, to override.
So you use a mechanical process,
it overrides the mental block, the program.
And then after a while, you've overridden the program
and you just do it automatically.
Another technique I'll use is a breathing technique.
And you just, (inhales deeply)
so you don't have to do your hands like that,
but that was my light coming out.
With an in-breath, the light comes out.
With an out-breath you can just fill your body with it.
Or if you, if someone has a bit of a sore back,
you can put their hand there, and you bring your light out,
and just put the light through your hand.
And use that to heal.
'Cause this comes down to worthiness issues.
Is your light worthy?
You know, we're sinners, we're no good,
we're lowly humans, we're, you know.
We're this, we're that.
And that's what we get programmed with
throughout our lives and throughout history,
of our DNA's been marinating in this dogma for so long.
If someone looks and says,
"Well, yeah, I really wasn't very nice
"to my brother or my sister,
"I don't really, I don't have that love
"as the essence of my being."
And we start, basically flogging ourselves,
feeling guilty over every little, common
mental and emotional reaction
to this life that we're living.
Yeah.
Not good.
No, it isn't, it isn't.
It's not serving us anymore to be like that.
What people need to do is, now know that they're valued,
know that they are worthy, know that they are
of substance, and know that they are honored
and revered in this universe.
And they're held in such high regard.
It's actually the opposite.
And this isn't coming from ego, you know?
This is who and what we are, we showed the way.
We're the ones that had the courage.
Those entities, the self-righteous ones,
they didn't have the courage to come and incarnate.
They didn't have the courage
to strip themselves of everything, you know?
Of all the divinity and be totally vulnerable.
They don't have that courage,
we're the ones with the courage.
And they are arrogant enough to come here
and play the self-righteous ones on top of that.
Just imagine where they're coming from,
when you really look at them.
Yeah. Very good point.
And now, the way that it was shown to you once,
and it's been shown through various remote viewers and such,
people kept going to timelines,
we talk about 2012, December 21, 2012.
And I want to end on this
because we have only a few minutes left.
But also, to end through the brilliance and beauty of it.
The way it was shown to you, and others have seen it,
is they couldn't get past March 21, 2013.
It's like there was an explosion of light.
There was light and there was not this.
And so, in the most compassionate and loving way possible,
explain what you saw and what the opportunity in this is.
Yeah, we tend to habitually focus
on the deconstructive side of it.
We love the drama, it's habitual.
Yeah, what I want people to understand is
that this is about the creation of life.
This is about the creation of a way of life
that the universal Creator intended to create.
This is about achieving our intended outcome together,
with this journey we've had
in this universe with the Creator.
To create this new way of life.
And to finally become masters
of the construct we call light.
So Mother Earth is now in the birthing process.
And she is about to give birth to a whole planetary race
of universal creators of love and light.
And that's what this is about.
That's what it's really all about.
And it's good that we, okay, it's important to understand
and look at the processes and the control measures
and all that, but don't dwell on that constantly.
Otherwise you're just sucked in those drama vortexes.
Open up your hearts, open up your light,
expand, shine that beautiful, brilliant light that you are.
And realize that you are now in the process
of becoming what you intend, originally intended to become.
It's a beautiful thing.
This is about, I have a saying, it's called
"the beauty and the grace in the opening of a flower."
I mean, it's the wilderness of chaos.
And so, if we are to just continue to be that beauty
and that grace, to reconnect with our feminine within.
And to hold that space in such an integral way.
You see, grace is the most powerful force in the universe.
Using that, the words power and force
associated with the word grace,
might seem a bit strange for some.
But it's a way of explaining it.
It really is the greatest power this universe has, is grace.
And it's a state of being-ness, it's steadfast,
it's so strong, so powerful,
that when you are in that grace,
all those other energies of negative connotations
cannot exist in that state.
So, with the veil, how it's thinning, the veil is thinning.
What's happening is, I often talk about these openings
and these doorways that will occur.
And the way it works is that, at the moment
we're having moments of being our higher selves,
our fifth dimensional selves and above.
And we're being warned of that,
more and more of that everyday.
But, being more of that, it thins the veil out.
It's getting thinner and thinner.
It'll get to the point where our higher self
will absorb the lower ego.
And, in that moment, the veil totally lifts.
And the higher self and the lower self merge,
and an opening will occur in this reality.
And we'll walk through that opening.
And that is the opening that is, can be labeled
or used to describe with vesica pisces.
And it's the womb of the mother.
And it's walking into this higher vibrational domain
on the Earth Mother.
Because Mother Earth needs to cleanse her lower ego.
And when she does go through the pole shift
and that cleansing process, we will be safe
from the processes of the lower,
excuse me, of the lower domains.
So, 2013.
With 2013, yeah, see the cycle ends on an equinox.
It doesn't end at the solstice.
A lot of people think the end is the 21st of December, 2012.
But it's actually the equinox after that,
is when the cycle ends.
Because, a solstice, everything is way out of balance.
You see, you got minimum darkness and maximum daylight.
Or you've got minimum daylight and maximum darkness.
So, the scales are way out of balance.
And what we are achieving is perfect balance.
So, the cycle needs to end on an equinox.
Where you've got equal amount of darkness
to equal amount of light.
That's where the scales are in perfect balance.
In ancient times, new year actually began
and finished on the equinox, not at the solstices.
So things have all been, sort of like,
put out of whack, harmonically.
It's interesting how you mentioned earlier
how so many people go forward in time,
and then they just see pure light
and this reality ceased to exist.
Then, you got some people that talk about,
they see a splitting of the Earth.
But that has to do with going off on tangents
on the timeline, that's a different process
that they don't, they're not aware of.
That's a big subject about timelines.
How you have the organic timeline
and then you have all the branches off the timelines.
And that's why we have so many ETs
that say, "Oh, we've come from your future."
These are races that surf timelines,
they traverse timelines, that's what they do.
And they always come back to this one at this point in time.
Always. It's always coming back
to this timeline for this Earth here.
'Cause this is the real one, this is the organic one.
All the others are tangents.
And so the natures of those realities
don't have the substance that this one does.
So, on the day when you were shown
the nature of all of it, when you were with your people.
How did you, what did this period,
this equinox in 2013,
spring equinox, feel like?
Well, I just wanna clarify that I didn't get this
knowing 'cause my people showed it to me.
Yeah, I just wanna make that clear--
Yeah, you were taken--
That I actually got the knowing because I went
into the universe and traveled
the dimensions of the universe.
And also, I have this knowing from my relationship
with Mother Earth, and my relationship with Father Sun.
That's why I say to people, this information that I share,
not to take my word for it.
That I urge them
to once again reawaken,
in their conscious state, the connection that they have
with this planet and the solar system.
That they've chosen to incarnate onto and inside of.
And when you do that,
that's when that knowing is established.
Like, you really know it.
Because this is about the journey
of the collective human soul.
That's it having together with Mother Earth.
It's a journey we're taking through time together, you see.
And it's understanding that relationship, once again.
As a humanity, and with the Earth Mother, together.
We chose this and she said
that she would facilitate this for us.
So, when you reconnect with that relationship,
reengage in that relationship, it's there.
You just have to consciously reengage in it.
Just to reactivate it once again in your conscious mind.
In your awakened, conscious mind.
So, when you do that, that's where the knowledge,
the memory of this journey, and the knowledge
of what's about to transpire, that's where it is.
So, when you did that,
and as you have done that over time,
how does it express itself, what does it feel like?
To me, it is the understanding that things
are going to change very quickly
over a very short period of time.
A lot of people would like to go very slowly
over a long period of time.
And part of me wants it to be like that, too.
But it's not reality. And I'll explain why.
Is, the people who want it to be easy
over a long period of time,
they have lost touch with their dark side.
So, they've forgotten the behavior of the dark side.
So, you gotta put yourselves in the shoes of the darkside.
There are beings who can not let go of this reality
and cannot let go of humanity.
So, our consciousness is rising up,
and they're putting the clamps on even tighter.
And our consciousness is rising up,
and they're putting the clamps down even tighter.
And there's this pressure cooker situation occurring.
It is so tight. It's called the "big squeeze," you know?
And you feel it.
And you can feel the intensity of everything.
And it's squeezing, and squeezing,
and squeezing, and squeezing.
And it's just gonna pop one day real soon, you know?
And that's what's happening.
'Cause they're hanging on, and they're hanging on,
and they're hanging on, and they're not gonna let go.
'Til they're forced to leave.
And it's gotta be by force
that they're gonna get out of here.
Unfortunately, that's reality.
So, that's not ideology, okay?
So, you've got your ideological considerations,
and thoughts, and aspirations,
as to how people would like it to transpire.
And then there's reality.
So how do you perceive it?
So, this will increase, increase, increase.
And very soon, there's gonna be
an event that will take place.
And if there's one thing I wanna warn humanity about,
and getting back, it is a bit of a negative
from one perspective.
But it's a huge positive from another.
And that is, that if you look back over time,
and you look back to 9/11 and events before that,
you notice that all these events play out, have played out,
and they've been used to mind control humanity.
So, what I see people talking about out there
is the next mind control event.
I'm calling it a pending global mind control event.
What's it gonna be?
And not so much, what's it gonna be,
but get ready that it's gonna happen.
And what is it?
Well, it could be a fake alien invasion.
I actually don't know exactly what it's going to be.
Well, we've heard that
from other people, as well,
That's being planned.
That's right, that's right.
We know the technology's there to do it.
Yeah, it is, it is there to do it.
And, it could be the comet, Elenin, might play a role.
Or it could be the big red guy that's coming in behind it.
That might play a very big role.
'Cause it's there and it's coming, okay?
So, how they're gonna play all that out, I don't know.
'Cause for myself, personally, I traveled into the future
and I saw, I called it "the time of the two moons."
So, I saw our moon in the sky,
and I saw a big red moon next to our moon.
And it was a little bit bigger,
but I knew this thing was huge and was much further out.
And, I've written about that and talked about that.
So, it's the time of the two moons.
Which happened years ago for me.
So, I've always known that this was coming.
And so, one day soon, between now
and about the middle of next year,
these events are gonna play out.
And it's all designed to distract humanity
from reconnecting with their hearts
with the heart of Mother Earth.
And seeing the process through, with her.
They wanna create the biggest distractions they can,
so they can lure humanity off-world.
'Cause if you've got this big, red thing coming
that's gonna destroy everything, in their eyes,
then they're gonna come here with their ships,
and they're gonna "save" you, you see.
And, so as we go through this transition,
as humanity goes through this transition,
what is the beauty in this?
What did you see on the elevated,
beautiful, transformative scale?
Well, Mother Earth bursts into a body of light.
And we birth with her.
That was the most amazing thing to experience.
And, what she looks like, 'cause I kept asking Mother Earth,
"What's your color gonna be, what's your color gonna be?"
And I keep getting magenta.
I just can't get past the color magenta.
Which is amazing, 'cause other people have talked to me
about that as well, ever since I started talking about it,
they've gone, well I'm not that crazy after all.
Because I kept experiencing magenta in my life everywhere.
Well, classically, magenta
is the feminine version of orange.
Which is very sexual in nature.
Okay, I wasn't aware of that.
Birth-oriented, yeah.
Yeah, birth-oriented, yeah.
And I had a lady come to me in one of my talks at the end,
and say, "I got picked up by my galactic family
"and they took me," and I had an e-mail
to do with this subject from someone else, as well.
"They took me forward in time and they showed me the Earth,"
and she was a magenta star.
And it's just beautiful to hear
people talking about those experiences.
Because that's how I know she's going to be.
And, then our embodiments will be
pure universal consciousness.
No energetic centers at all, it will just be
the expression of pure universal love and light.
And, then an aspect of our consciousness will go
and create our own universe via the construct of light.
And, then the embodiment that is
on the ascended Mother Earth,
which will be like a star from down here...
We have obligations and responsibilities
to life inside this universe.
So, instead of having a single Christ
going around the universe doing the work,
there's now gonna be a whole planetary race
full of Christs, Buddhas, Krishnas, Allahs,
whatever label you wanna use, you know?
And in the true meaning of those words.
And going back, and whatever races, galaxies,
dimensional paradigms we're affiliated with,
we go back and we say, "See? We did it. We did it.
"After all this time, we've done it.
"And this is what we can accomplish."
And now, there's other planetary systems
that are being set up like this one
to facilitate that process.
The same process that we had here.
'Cause it's fool-proof.
You've looked at it
from the future, and we did it.
We did it. We've done it.
The future's already happened, we've done it. Yeah.
Thank you.
We're there.
(both laugh)
On that note, thank you so much
for your time, George, that's beautiful.
Honor, truly, and a pleasure, truly.
If you're interested in more on the array
of subjects discussed here, you can check
into our interviews with Stephen Bassett and Kim Carlsberg.
As well as all seven of our interviews
with the leader in this field, David Icke.
Meanwhile, for more information on George's work,
you can go to ourjourneyhome.com.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.